Tech Center comm and today we are
reviewing the DV mp3 sunglasses in the
300 series these record video they
record audio you see there's a mirror
here a mirror here I have no other
camera on me these things are under 100
bucks can get them at most spy stores on
the internet I just did a query found a
whole bunch of them that have this these
things on there these things come with a
four gig memory stick USB to charge just
plug the USB in and it charges to your
computer or USB wall outlet
if you plug it into an adapter you can
blow it off the wall it has a 4 gigabyte
memory stick in here to store your
information and to get the data off all
you have to do is plug in and then plug
it to your computer drag-and-drop it
it'll show up like a flash drive
you just drag and drop the info menu
delete the info by hitting shift delete
when you're done with it these things
are really great because they look to me
just like the Oakley Gaskins they look
really similar in fact to have a pair of
oakley gascan it's hard to tell the
difference the camera is right in the
middle it's a little itty bitty pinhole
camera and the gentleman brought them in
I actually couldn't even tell that the
pinhole camera was there when I looked
at them to begin with
so I appreciate it for you bringing them
so if I could do a review on these the
only thing that I found for these is
that the USB is really particular in
making sure that it's connected just
right in there and it looks like it's
finicky and so you want to make sure
that you don't like budget you move it
around too much as it could probably
break pretty easily but for under 100
bucks to have these glasses really cool
you can do all kinds of things it's kind
of like a little helmet cam you know you
could go around on your bike sporting
events pictures like that get the full
deal right there in front of you leave
it's a 2 megapixel camera and it has
fast forward rewind stop go and a couple
different things I think you can get
this on an egg but also as a
Google speakers so if you want to put
speakers on it it comes with them you
can listen to music at the same time
that you're recording so really cool
device I give it hmm three out of five
stars it's pretty cool so for more tips
and tricks visit www.gfi.com/webmonitor
x we're going to try and strain this
information that way we can get
information out to you guys once again I
appreciate it and have a wonderful day